---
title: The photos of a vip escort
description: The perfect photos for your presentation with the success of escort in Paraguay
target: escort
keywords: natural photos, update photos
---
Photos say a lot about a person, especially in a profession that relies heavily on appearance like escorting. In addition, the skills that you have in sex, and your preferences in that area, can be shown from the photos that you select to present yourself to your clients in your escort profile. The taste enters through the eyes of the clients; nothing more true than that in the world of an escort.
In this article we leave you some tips on how to achieve the perfect photos, that go according to your profile and your description:

## Clearly define your description as an escort in Paraguay
The first step to achieve the perfect photos, and succeed in your profession as an escort in Paraguay, is to define in advance the description that you want to make of yourself to your potential clients, since from there you can select the style of photos that you want to show to those clients. [In this article](/en/blog/descripcion-escort-vip) we show you the best way to create your escort description. Once this is done, then you can determine the type of photos to add to the profile that customers view. For example, if you want to attract clients who like sadomasochism in sex, or you consider that this is your forte, you can upload photos that show you practicing it. Of course, the subtlety in your escort photos will be a plus. Don't walk the fine line between sexy and vulgar. Show your strengths in sex without being too explicit, because that can lose points with your potential clients. If you don't leave anything a mystery so they can discover you, what's the point in this game of seduction and sex with your clients? Never forget the rule of mystery in your escort profession.

## Natural photos attract more clients
With this we do not want to say that the photos will be perfect only if they are selfies, or taken with your cell phone. Although there is a belief that selfies are more natural, this is not always true, they can also be edited and this is being noticed very frequently. What we mean is that you upload unedited photos in your escort profile, showing yourself as you are to your potential clients. But that does not mean that you cannot upload photos taken by a professional, quite the opposite. In most cases, professional photographers will know how to highlight your beauty, presenting yourself to the client with your personal style as an escort. Additionally, we consider that the photos taken by a professional denote the interest you have in your escort profession in Paraguay, and your desire to perform in the best way, starting from perfect photos that show you in your natural beauty. Convey your naturalness to your clients.

## Follow the same thematic line in your escort photos
Everything in your Paraguay escort profile has to be coherent, aligned, otherwise you will not attract the clients you want because the type of escort you are will not be well defined. It is necessary that you always remember that specialization makes the escort in this profession, that it is better that you focus on a single type of client rather than wanting to attract anyone. In this way you will also be able to differentiate yourself and increase your value as an escort, in the eyes of your clients. In other words, to achieve perfect photos, look for them to follow the same style, the same thematic line, to tell a story of your skills in sex and your tastes in the subject, of what you have to offer your clients and to live the desired experience by your side, what they are looking for through sex with an escort like you.

## Sometimes less is more in the escort profession
Do not upload a million photos thinking that with that you will have a better chance of attracting potential clients, it is not necessary, and many times it can be counterproductive because you will be perceived as a desperate escort, who does not know exactly what she wants to show, who is trying to upload photos for the sake of uploading, without really having a meaning, or a reason for being. As we said previously, everything in your escort profile should be aligned, and your perfect photos are best limited to between five and fifteen, without repeating them, showing different angles of your appearance, showing different facets of your skills in sex without going overboard. branches. Good and few photos will make a perfect profile in your escort profession. Your cover letter will be impeccable and your success assured.

## Regularly update your profile photos
Please, do not even think about uploading photos from ten years ago to your escort profile in Paraguay, do not cheat or make promises with your appearance that you will not be able to fulfill in reality. Upload photos that correspond to your current appearance, and every time you make any changes to it (no matter how insignificant it may seem to you) update them. Changes for your clients can mean a lot and be relevant when making the decision to choose you, do not take anything for granted or for granted. Therefore, make sure that in your escort profile your photos are always updated.

In conclusion, the perfect photos are the ideal complement in the construction of your profile as an escort, they are the visual part that transmit what you express with the words in your [description](/en/blog/descripcion-escort-vip). Invest in a good photographer if you can do it, in a good production, in a wardrobe that defines your profile, it will not be an expense but an investment that will bring you closer to success in this pleasant world of an escort from Paraguay, and will make your career take off in this profession winning the type of clients that you set yourself as a goal from the beginning.